you probably know xiaomi for their
suspiciously good value smartphones but
what you might not have known is the
sheer number of other gadgets they make
I'm talking smart pillows 3D printers
even smart water guns and they're all
incredibly well-rated so it's time to
test these for ourselves are they
actually just the best value for money
gadgets that we're not using yet so
let's start with xiaomi's motion sensor
NightLight which I men get for $9 and
honestly this feels like such a win I've
used a lot of motion lights before but
never built like this so instead of the
light being the thing that sticks onto
your surface it's the stand that sticks
onto the surface and then your light
just magnetically attaches to the stand
which is absolutely amazing because it
means if you wanted to put this motion
light on a bedside table put it like
this if you wanted to clip it to a wall
using its side you clip it like this if
you wanted to put onto your ceiling
facing downward you clip it like this so
I'm going to see how close I need to
get to get to that light for it to turn
on what on Earth I must be at least 5 me
away from it that is easily two times
the range of any other NightLight I've
used this is actually so perfect for
either drawers that get a little bit too
dark or just sticking it in a bathroom
so that when you got to go at night you
can see without vaporizing your retinas
by turning on your main light look at
this you can even mess around with the
settings on the xiaomi app so this is
how bright the light gets this is how
long the light stays lit up for after
it's been triggered that is actually a
complete steal for $9 I think we're
going to get one of these for every
bedroom in the house 9.5 out of 10
moving up to $30 now this is the
company's portable electric kettle which
is quite a unique idea I don't think
I've ever seen something quite like it
before so it's like a thermos it keeps
your warm drinks warm they're claiming
for about 6 hours but the interesting
thing is that when you plug the thing in
it turns into a kettle that can actually
do the boiling thing so minimalized I
can't find the onr oh it's doing it and
it's really fast you can actually see it
climbing pretty much every second so the
temperature increase does start to slow
down as it reaches boiling point it's
getting there but it's taking just as
long to boil one cup of water as a
normal Kettle would take to boil like
four I mean it's quite well thought out
you know it's got steam vents here which
you do want with a kettle I love the
fact that it has a screen on it and it
actually does add value and apparently I
really hope this works it doesn't leak
when it's upside down or shaking around
in your backpack please
work I saw one robe droplet which to be
fair this temperature could be enough to
cause a problem I don't know this
product feels like a bit of a Miss to me
cuz like you wake up in the morning you
make your coffee at home you take it to
work and it's still hot because it's in
your thermos
so why do you need it to be a kettle I
mean maybe if you live on your own this
would be quite a nice size just to boil
enough water for one person but then
only if you never plan on having friends
over it's not even like you can use it
for camping cuz where are you going to
get a main socket from feels like a 5
out of 10 to me very competent I just
don't get it now let's skip ahead of it
all the way to the xiaomi 3D printer
just so that we can get this bad boy
running while we test the other products
and I have got to
say that looks really cool so you might
know that the vast majority of basic
home 3D printers are filament printers
which means you load them up with
plastic they have a heater which melts
that plastic deposits it in its new
Arrangement and then that plastic dries
as it calls but this uses liquid resin
cartridges yeah chic confirm definitely
not solid so you load this resin into
the machine and if you look closely
you'll see the machine is peppered with
tiny little bulbs those emit ultraviolet
light which causes a chemical reaction
in this resin fluid and that causes this
resin to solidify in position and this
is meant to be better than filament
printers in a lot of ways because it can
create 3D objects without that horrible
wiry finish that you get from the way
that filament printers work so let's
find a model that we like the look of oh
this is cool actually get it to print a
vase oh doesn't this look just adorable
oh wow so you can fully preview the 3D
model of the thing that you're about to
print before you hit go just to make
sure you're happy with it from every
angle oh my God it actually shows you
all the supporting structures that it's
going to have to build as well to create
that model and it's highlighted them in
Gray so you know the bits that you're
going to have to snap off once the
model's made as well as giving you like
a full Dimension map of the model this
is actually so consumer friendly for
what can often be a very complex and
daunting process I guess that means
print says open a window that's not
really going to be an option in here oh
really cool mechanism for this self
adjusting arm oh look it's bubbling away
so it's releasing resin into the chamber
I have a feeling this is going to take a
little bit of time to make so we'll come
back to this now this one is easily one
of xiaomi's most well-received products
ever I've heard a lot about this
considering it's a cordless screwdriver
which also happens to be the winner of
the if design award oh moly I mean I'm
not a massive hey come look at my
toolbox kind of guy but this I can see
the appeal of it's so pretty it charges
via USBC which is absolutely awesome
compared to the micro USB or Worse still
proprietary battery packs that some
others use it's really clean you can't
actually fittingly I suppose see a
single screw in sight on the design and
I love the way that it stores these
little drill bits the only thing that
concerns me is doesn't sound all that
powerful actually let's test Theory so
this is a cabinet we were assembling
earlier for the house and this is about
as strenuous a task as I've needed a
screwdriver before yes construction is
my
passion the drill bits magnetically clip
onto the screwdriver and then when you
hold the trigger while it's in neutral
you get a ring light so that your screws
are twitch stream ready and then you
flip the dial to the right screw stuff
in and then you flick it to the left to
you unscrew stuff so I guess if I want
to take this
out this is like child to play for it
this honestly feels like another easy 9
out of 10 it is every single thing that
a screwdriver needs to be for 95% of
people apart from being able to stand up
on its own why did I do that but clearly
xiaomi was not done cooking because
after this thing came out and it was
such a success they went ahead and
topped it with the Precision screwdriver
which looks an awful lot like a power
bank on a capture this satisfaction on
camera it's like the feeling when you're
really thirsty and you crack open an ice
cold can of coat and then on the inside
the Precision screwdriver is well a lot
thinner it's as the name suggests more
precise so you could use this to take
apart a watch or a smartphone and it
lasts even longer this thing does 180
screws per charge which is already
enough for like an entire home's worth
of Ikea furniture this can do
400 every single one of these draw bits
magnetically attaches into the case oh
show me it's fair to say these will be
the screwdrivers that we keep around the
new house I feel like I could write with
this probably actually could oh yeah y
you can so far at least I got to say
this stuff is really good I actually
think I like xiaomi's gadgets more than
I like their phones but let's see if
that continues with these smart laser
measure so first impression the hardware
is very much like the screwdriver in
that it feels like it's exactly what it
needs to be and nothing more so the
whole thing is one button you put the
measure somewhere you tap that one
button it fires out a laser and then a
receiver sitting on the measure will
tell you how far away that laser stops
okay so
0.563 okay tape me hey so I'm getting
that as
0.56 2 A2 is bang on you can then double
tap that button and it changes whether
you're including the length of the body
or just measuring from the end which is
quite important because let's say you're
trying to measure the length of a wall
and the way that you're doing that is by
placing this on one of the ends then to
get the full me of the wall you would
need to include however much space this
takes up PR yes you are 1.58 M away from
you right now okay I'm going to keep
going back you're oh yeah you're 4.47 8
m from me right now it's God thing is
the range is actually enormous this
thing can actually measure anything up
to 40 m away and it's only now that I'm
realizing just how far that actually is
you'd never need more than that that's
awesome Jo do you want to know how far
away you are from me you are 1.85 3 m
from me what you going to say tall and
not like not far off one they yeah still
a gr lad this is all good stuff sure but
the question on my mind is what makes
this a smart laser measure the xiaomi
app this is actually really cool because
the xiaomi app that controls this is the
same xiaomi app that also connects to
the motion lights and just about every
other xiaomi product also look at this
there must be like 100 different
categories of products in here and if I
click on just one of them like water
heaters oh my God this this say water
heaters anyways what does it allow you
to do on this so you can store your
measurements I guess that's handy and
how you can attach labels to those
measurements so that you can refer back
to them at any time you share your
measurements with your friends I'll do
everyone's shaking their heads at me so
it's got a calculator oh it allows you
to input all of your previous
measurements taken on this and add them
subtract them multiply them divide them
to get fast calculations of let's say
the area of the room you're measuring
yeah really clever drawing measurements
oh my God whoa wait so so if I take a
measurement oh my God this is so cool so
all the measurements I've ever taken
with this are at the bottom here and I
can just draw lines and then assign
those lines to the measurements I've
taken it builds the top down view of the
room you're trying to measure and it's
exactly to scale I feel like a lot of
this stuff is not hard to implement once
you've had the idea to implement it but
it's the fact that they've had the idea
and crammed it into such a minimalist
device that requires no thought to use
that's the impressive part I have no
notes this is a 10 out of 10 product
what not the first 10 you've ever given
maybe xiaomi smart clock is another
product that if it is actually good
could well be perfect for this house it
could even be a permanent main stay on
our bedside tables so at its call it's a
clock tells the time if you hold down on
the clock you get 10 different clock V
to choose from and then within each one
you can customize the colors of them do
you know what's particularly impressive
about this though is how smooth the
interface is like actually slicker than
most phones at $50 and then all these
other screens are other basic smartphone
like features for example weather
traffic calendar music from Spotify
scroll down play
music okay music on
Spotify okay I mean it's not a Hi-Fi
speaker but there's plenty of thump here
you could happily listen to your morning
tunes and not be upset let's try
something a little more challenging hey
turn light
on that was easy turn off the
light that's not bad at all H so
actually quite capable smart home
functionality too you're getting a lot
of product here for something that
doesn't really cost a whole lot more
than like this not to mention the ritual
like routines you can set so for example
I can set off an entire a chain reaction
just by saying good morning good
afternoon the time is 3:30 p.m.
currently in ilford it's 15 and cloudy
today it'll be cloudy here's a joke to
start your morning what do you get when
you put a vest on an alligator an
investigator have a great day makes me
want to go back to
sleep
oh so welcome to my morning routine guys
the only real downside is I would say
the display it's LCD not OLED so unlike
a modern top end OLED screen which will
make black pixels completely black this
thing will still emit a little bit of a
glow at night still it does everything
that it's trying to do really quite
capably 8.5 out of 10 at $75 now we have
xiaomi's monitor light bar which is
super interesting to me because we have
a really clear point of reference back
in the old house I used to use a monitor
light bar by then Q I talked a lot about
how much I loved it in my perfect
desktop video but this xiaomi one is
less than half the price of it so if it
actually is just as good then Game
Changer so the reason that I love these
lights so much is because unlike normal
desk lamps they don't take up any desk
space they don't need a means plug they
just use the USB on the back of your
monitor and they are specifically
designed to just light up your desk
avoiding both your eyes and your screen
so as not to introduce glare that's
actually really satisfying I love this
little thing I will say this wireless
remote is a little bit on the light side
which means that it's not completely
stable on a flat surface unlike the Ben
q1 but you've got to love how
aggressively minimalist the thing is you
can't see a single button and the
controls are as simple as just rotate
the dial to adjust your level of
brightness and then press and rotate to
adjust the color temperature that said
there are two really important features
that I'm realizing this doesn't have
that my BenQ light did one that even
though you can change your color
temperature here the old light used to
actually do that automatically
throughout the day so when you're
working during the day you have lots of
blue light to keep you awake and then in
the evenings you have less of it so that
you can start to wind down and that
light also had a second light on the
back to shine onto the wall behind your
monitor which further reduces your IE
strain by equalizing the brightness of
the scene you're looking at so I would
say there is a place for this product if
you just want a really clean desk lamp
but it's not the full shebang 6 out of
10 let's just check on this 3D printer
copy wow that is so cool it looks like
Shrek emerging from the swamp and it's
saying it is 67% done not long to go now
so far with all these affordable xiaomi
products I think it's fair to say the
value for money has been absolutely
insane but now that we're going into the
$100 plus luxury tier with their perfume
dispenser my question is does the value
for money start to deteriorate so again
I will say they have knocked it out the
park when it comes to design so it's
powered by plugging it into your car's
USB port and to be honest the cable
being so short and thin kind of
disappears it's very elegant I love how
this just like every other Gadget here
has a USBC connector and the glowing
ring that shows you which scent is
currently being released oh la la so
green is meant to be freshness it kind
of smells like walking through the
forest just after it's rained in a nice
way purple is meant to be soothing does
this smell like body soap smells really
like a hotel does it does it smells like
a it smells like a hotel lobby yeah says
checkin that's what this is and then
orange is meant to be Joy I think it
smells like oranges oh look you can see
it it's got a like wispy little
performance here o wow okay yeah it's
actually kind of potent really full of
joy I got to say it's a pretty smart
little Gadget while it's on it will
sporadically release scent and then stop
and then release more as it's needed it
will remember what setting you left it
on when you turn the car off and on
again I way prefer the idea of something
like this as opposed to the little
hanging trees people get here or
whatever the hell this thing is can I
check the capacity of the cartridges oh
yeah look so it's telling me they're all
on 100% right now we actually left this
running outside for an hour yesterday
and so the fact that it's still saying
100% makes me think this will last quite
a long time so this to me feels unlike
some other xiaomi products not the cheap
way of doing things this is like the
most expensive way possible to perfume
your car but do you still get what you
pay for yes absolutely this is one sexy
way to make your car smell good 8.5 out
of 10 now the massage gun is another
chance for xiaomi to make something just
as good for L considering that this
thing is $120 whereas some massage guns
I've used are $500 ooh this is some nice
crinkly plastic let's give it a
peel wow that was not nearly as
satisfying as it should have been first
thing that occurs to me it's actually
kind of cool that xiaomi's design
language is so consistent that the
massage gun B basically just looks like
a scaled up version of their screwdriver
just you know don't get them mixed up
you got three different heads you got a
ball head that's somewhat cushioned you
got a flat head and then
you so it's meant to have a super quiet
brushless
[Music]
motor oh
yeah I I can't
even why do you need this fair play
though it is very quiet considering what
it's able to do although not so much
when you start to turn the settings up
wow that's amazing though it's almost
like it's reaching ultrasonic speeds
it's actually going so fast that I don't
even feel like I'm getting peled anymore
I just feel like really deep releas but
then also it has a smart pressure sentor
built in so you actually have to push a
certain amount till it lights up white
which means that you're pushing the
right am out and then it's meant to go
red when you're putting in too much but
ow ow there's got to be the limit tell
me to
stop that point I might as well just use
the screwdriver so the ball head will
definitely be more forgiving than than
whatever this is so if I use that
instead I should be able to show the
pressure sensing ah see that's nice so
you can see when I put a normal amount
of pressure on it goes weight and then
when I put too much pressure it will
eventually come out
[Music]
okay well I would probably discount the
smart pressure sensor as a feature
you'll be banking on and that's
basically it it's fairly simple but it's
not exactly lacking in features I know
some high-end th guns have like red
light therapy and a proper screen to
allow you to configure your settings
completely but this does actually feel
just as high quality and the massage it
gives you is very much as thorough which
is an achievement for something a
quarter of the price and also the heat
dissipation mechanism here is completely
concealed so nothing gets inside of this
even if you get a little sweaty while
using it can't think why that might be
it's actually kind of crazy because this
xiaomi massage gun is actually less
expensive than like a Theon mini and
this gives you a far better massage than
this does it's just that i' still
probably prefer to use this on the
regular because this actually fits into
a small side pocket of my backpack the
xiaomi does not so I'll go an 8 out of
10 bolstered by the fact that it has an
insane 13 hours of battery life now on
first burns the sh we pillow doesn't
look like a product that even belongs in
a tech video it is very soft like
genuinely this might be the comfiest
pillow I've ever interacted with but
when you look at it it's not
particularly clear what makes it smart I
it's got this weird alien looking dongle
thing coming out of it but that's
because almost the entirety of the
pillow's functionality is based on the
app so the thing's got a bunch of
absolutely tiny millimeter scale sensors
baked inside of it to measure changes in
pressure temperature strain and and
acceleration for anyone who's training
for a marathon in their sleep I guess
and it basically uses all these sensors
to give you almost all of the same data
that you would get from an Apple Watch
or an aura ring or a whoop band while
being more affordable and also very
comfy with its zero cotton material made
with a natural vegetable oil extract is
that vegetable by any chance spring
onion it anyways I actually tested it
last night so I slept on this and I also
wore the Apple Watch series 10 at the
same time so let's compare statistics oh
dear so the Apple watch is saying I
slept for 8 hours and 40 minutes and it
says I fell asleep at yeah 16 midnight
that seems about right the xiaomi pillow
is telling me I slept 6 hours and 26 and
that I was awake until 3:00
a.m. no I wasn't okay so given that I've
tested this quite a bit and it has been
accurate in the past and given that I do
not remember being awake for the first 3
hours of my sleep I don't think it would
be very wise to trust the answers this
thing gives you but at the same time man
when I look at the xiaomi app and I see
the thousands of products that can all
neatly tie together into this one
ecosystem it is so tantalizing the idea
that I could have a smart pillow that
when I wake up in the morning directly
communicates to my smart blinds to tell
them to open without even needing any
kind of middle layer because they're
part of this one app is so cool but yeah
not too sure about this particular
pillow 4 out of 10 now I've tested quite
a few water guns in my time cheap guns
fancy guns but never one quite as
ridiculous as xiaomi I'm struggling to
wrap my head around how a water gun can
be worth
$250 so let's get testing oh it charges
with USBC of course nice turn it on wa I
didn't realize that's an LED stroke that
is so cool so then you stick it in the
water you push the trigger forward
instead of back
you can actually see the water filling
up using the Neds room that's such a
clever way to use what would otherwise
be a gimmick oh yeah and then the screen
also tells you how much of your water
tank is
full probably got outside so obviously
it is cooler than every other water gun
but is it actually better cuz I just
bought this for $15 and it's still
electric I'm just going to shoot drisha
this the second time that I've been shot
in a video yeah but see so we've moved
house and I left the kind of dummy at
home that I was going to use and I don't
do this for me I do this for the content
okay so where would you like to be you
know you can choose choose where you'd
like to be
[Music]
anywhere thank you for offering yourself
for this cause Okay so this is a normal
water
gun it looks like it's barely reaching
you yeah it's like a like a garden
sprinkler but to be fair rate of fire
impressive I'll just carry on trying
to and that's basically it for this gun
there's no alternate fire modes I mean
technically there's an optical scope I
don't think it's going to get you very
far so that leads us to this so first
thing you notice is a display like an
actual fairly high resolution circular
display and that shows you the fire mode
you're on so if I click this rather
unusually named mode Swit button on the
side it will take me between single fire
mode and burst fire mode so same
distance you tell me how much you feel
this
okay okay I felt that one you felt that
0 to 10 I I felt that like an an eight
okay like an eight so let me try burst
fire oh God okay okay okay that's pretty
cool like a water bullet I think it's
definitely coming apart as it's
approaching you so it's not like when
you pay $250 for a water gun you're
suddenly getting sniper like accuracy at
a distance so from what I've understood
if I now hold down the trigger I can
actually charge up a super bullet of
sorts okay let's see so hold down You
See This Bar filling up tells me I'm
ready to go okay okay it feels like I
should feel the impact cuz it's coming
so fast yeah it's just yeah it just kind
of sprays out yeah it's not
significantly more powerful
yeah all I'm
getting okay it's getting it it's
definitely more powerful it's getting
more it's more powerful that's all I
want Sor I'm trying to avoid your
microphone it feels like the kind of
product that is so far beyond what you
would normally expect to pay for a water
gun that this isn't about being good
value for money it's not good value for
money it's if you want the best of the
best this is that 8 out of 10 a look
whoa what are you doing up there buddy
that looks incredibly cursed so you
meant to unscrew this pull it out like
so I got swamp on my hand
[Music]
wow and we're left with the cutest fell
you've ever seen now there are two
downsides I can think of one that you've
got to use these xiaomi only proprietary
single use resin cartridges after which
you throw them which it's not
particularly environmentally friendly
but then also it smells really bad I've
actually been holding my nose for the
last 45 seconds and we're probably going
to need some industrial great stuff to
clean this room up still though this is
a way better result than I've ever seen
come from a filament printer
8 and now for the flagship Big Daddy
xiaomi product this is the one that I'd
say xiaomi has the biggest Market
penetration in the electric scooter I
see these things all the time on the
screets but this is their new scooter 4
Pro and my clumsiest unboxing ever oh
there we go again nearly face planted
the first thing you notice is this is
quite a bit taller than the average
electric scooter which is great for me
because I'm usually ever so slightly
trained over and also the base feels
wider it's like the extra leg room seats
on a plane let's take it for a spin I'm
a little scared for the
acceleration
holy wow I've tested electric scooters
before never before with that much
oomph
oh I'm A Hazard To Myself and Society
with this so I know that the speed of
electric scooters is capped in most
countries for your own safety that
doesn't mean this thing can't accelerate
and then when you run out of battery
this is another massive Improvement the
charger is magnetic which is really
important for something so valuable
because it means if you accidentally
walk on by it that nearly hit you I'm
sorry your scooter is still standing I
mean the thing even has regenerative
braking which is what electric cars use
to recover some of their energy when you
hit the brakes which is what's actually
increasing this thing's range from 45 km
last generation to 55 km this generation
squeeze
me w
I mean this
wo has to be the most polished refined
high-tech electric scooter out there
even the lights on the front and the
back are extremely bright there's
reflectors all over for visibility on
roads and it's just such a smooth ride
and part of the reason why is these
tires they're bigger which is good for
shock absorption but they're also made
of dura gel that's apparently also
self-sealing if you get a puncture what
as if I needed to make this any more
hazardous for myself this is a plank of
wood with with a 2in nail sticking out
of it all right off we go oh this could
be
rip okay that's definitely in there
let's go back over let really make sure
it's done this is why we can't have nice
things here well actually I suppose we
can just temporarily I think it's fair
to say that's tested
[Music]
so well there's just nothing here so
whether the tire has actually broken and
self-repaired without me even realizing
or has just absorb the entire impact of
that nail without even puncturing that
is one durable piece of Kit so I got to
say I'm personally more of a bike person
I like the idea of if I'm not using a
car and having the most convenient way
to get somewhere then at least I'm
getting some exercise while I'm at it
but if you're looking for a scooter then
this is everything it needs to be and
more 10 out of 10 and I will catch you
in the next one woohoo oh my God